Knox cloud services 26.06 release highlights.
Check out what's new in Knox Configure.
Ability to include a hyperlink when pushing an update notification.
When sending a custom notification after pushing a profile update,
you now have the option to include a hyperlink that directs
device users to a webpage for more information.
After adding a hyperlink,
device users will see a Learn more link on their device when the notification appears.
Additional options for sending profile update notifications.
Previously, you could only send a custom notification to
device users when pushing a profile update.
In this release, you'll also have the option to send a
custom notification whenever you change a device's assigned profile.
Additionally, if you push a profile update or assign a different profile
from the BULK ACTIONS tab on the Devices page,  you'll now have the option to
include a custom notification along with a hyperlink to a webpage.
Prevent the upload of malicious APK files.
A new malware check feature detects and prevents infected APK files from
uploading to the Knox Configure server,
thereby avoiding the installation of malicious apps on your customers' devices.
If malware is detected, the upload is blocked,
and you'll receive a notification in the console and in the activity logs.
Disable cover screen mirroring for Galaxy Z Fold devices.
You can now disable the 'Cover screen mirroring' feature
when creating profiles for Galaxy Z-Fold devices.
Normally, when this feature is enabled,
the shortcuts on the cover screen are copied over to the main screen.
By disabling this feature in the profile,
your device users can customize their cover and main screens separately,
allowing them to set up their screen layouts according to their
personal needs and requirements.
Set installation order of apps during and after configuration.
You can now specify the installation order of custom apps in a profile,
ensuring required apps are installed first.
Additionally, apps with policy restrictions
and custom configurations can be installed before internal apps.
To learn more about the features in this release, or to get additional help at any time,
see our documentation at docs.samsungknox.com.
Thanks for watching!